Where's Light?
What happened to our son?
Dad. why don't you say something?
Dear!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
"Celebrating LIght's 18th birthday."
"This is a rulebook based on human wisdom"
"which still struggles to answer what justice is."
"Thanks. dad!"
"I want to study it and think about what justice is."
Amane Misa: Surveillance Day 8
Yagami Light: Surveillance Day 3
How is it. Ryuzaki?
Has kira killed anyone yet?
There's no activities so far.
No criminals have been killed.
Is that so...
Then I'm becoming even more suspicious.
I'm soooo bored!
I can't eat apples
and I can't even talk to you.
I wonder how Remu's doing now.
Where's my ID card?
Does anyone know?
Don't make a sound!
I brought a little gift for you.
Misa. Day 12
Light: Day 7
I want to see Light!
I want to see Light. stalkers!
Light.
You look exhausted.
Are you okay?
Yeah. I know. I look so miserable right now.
But I don't care about such as useless pride...
"I discard it!"
You "discard" it?
You'll lose your memory...
Alright. Light.
Goodbye.
Ryuzaki...
What's wrong?
I know I asked you to do this to me...
But now I surely know...
This is a waste of time.
I'm not Kira!
I'll be the judge of that. not you!
It's totally impossible to do such cruel things
without being conscious...
Don't you think so?
It was you who said that you might be Kira
without being conscious.
While I'm here. I clearly saw my goal...
I won't let Kira go free. he drove me into a corner.
Ryuzaki!
Let's cooperate and find a way to reach Kira!
We can get him!
Light...
suddenly became so positive.
Misa: Day 19
Light: Day 14
Since he offered to do it. but
I'm worried about Misa.
She's a tough kid!
If I were her. I'd go insane!
Ryuzaki!
Kira is back!
Criminals are dying of heart attack one after another!
Light!
There's been no action from Kira for 2 weeks.
It's time for you to admit that you're Kira.
Hey!
If you see only the current situation. I'm guilty. But this is a trap...
I said I'm not Kira!
Believe me!
Why did Kira... choose me as his replacement?
You often predicted who'll be the next target of Kira.
You must have noticed the reason through your reports.
Kira's punishment...
...is nearly the same as my view on justice.
That's what I thought!
Kira is just trying to make the world a better place.
It's my mission to tell the people that he's doing the right thing.
If I were Kira. I would use the media more efficiently!
That makes you the most suitable person as Kira's partner.
That is the reason
Kira chose me as his partner...
Misa: Day 23
Light: Day 18
Criminals are constantly being killed.
Even the ones they never knew.
It's impossible to kill them in this situation...
For example.
if Kira's ability has been transferred to another person
and the person has become the Third Kira
and they've lost their memories...
It explains everything!
Even if you were right.
there's no way to prove it.
Ryuzaki!
Why don't we try a different approach?
How do you feel?
Good. thanks!
I'm impressed with your courage...
Still. we have the evidence found in Amane's room.
You can't go outside until we solve the case.
If I have to stay here anyway
then let me go back to the team and help you find Kira.
Yes. I was thinking about the exact same thing.
You have to stay with me all day and assist me.
Thanks. Ryuzaki!
Let's find Kira together.
I love you...
Light!
Mrs. Wakita!
Are you okay?
What happened to you?
Get an ambulance!
She's dead!
Her name is Wakita Masako and she was wanted for
killing her colleague when she was working in a nightclub.
Is this another case
of punishment from Kira?
We found Wakita's address and tried to interview her.
but she died in front of us.
Mrs. Takada. you must be shocked!
She did not have any health problem
so it is natural to think that she was killed by Kira.
Now please look at this graph.
This is the result of a poll taken from 1000 people in Japan.
According to the result.
60% of them are supporting Kira...
This is surprising isn't it?
I don't think so.
Considering that the crime rate has been decreasing
by the appearance of Kira. this result is expected.
Not bad!
This is a fact that Kira is fighting against evil
What is the true justice?
Does the police. or L. really can help us?
Kira is trying to make us thing.
She's good!
We can't blame her. because
we haven't found any clues to go on.
What's wrong Ryuzaki?
It's not like you.
Oh. great work!
Thank you for supervising!
Your comments were witty.
Thank you so much!
The director said that...
you'd be a good anchor.
Really?
for being critical towards the society through Kira's case...
Your brave. intelligent attitude has attracted the viewers.
You're becoming more attractive.
Mr. Demegawa!
Could you ask your boss
to spray pesticide in the studio
since a noisy bug's flying around here?
Saeko!
Let's go have dinner?
Kiyomi!
You know. each employee has an appropriate role. right?
What is your role. then?
No one's listening to your trashy comments!
Let's go!
I say she's too ugly to be the anchor for our show!
Oh. come on!
We employees can't say no to your boss. you know.
Are you kidding me?
You're the one who said no to your boss and showed Kira's video!
You slept with her. didn't you?
There's nobody but you who got a job by sleeping with me.
Stop the car!
Huh?
Stop the car now!
I'll never forgive her!
Hey. wait!
Calm down!
What's the matter with you!
You can't catch a taxi here!
Good evening!
Welcome to Evening Spot.
I'm Takada Kiyomi. the new anchor
First of all.
I have to announce some sad news...
Last night. Nishiyama Saeko. our excellent former anchor.
died of a car accident.
For me she was...
a few years senior to me
and one of the persons I respected the most.
It is very sad that...
my first job as an anchor is
to announce Saeko's death.
This feels like being on a honeymoon!
If I can always spend my time with you like this
I won't want to go back to work.
...But if they lock me up again. I'll die!
Oh. sorry!
Light!
Are you studying?
Sorry Misa. can you please leave me alone for a while?
I'll go downstairs.
Don't leave me alone!
Light! Come back soon. okay?
I'm sorry. but I'll set you free soon.
Ryuzaki is a little depressed.
Yeah. because he lost all of his clues...
You're too loud!
Ryuzaki!
Please be honest!
What is the percentage that I'm Kira?
The percentage that you are Kira is...
almost zero.
I see...
Great!
I'm so happy!
I'm also happy that you don't seem to be Kira. but
at the same time I lost all the clues...
There's a vital clue.
What if I said so?
When will you come back?
Are you serious?
Look at this!
The red one is Kira's action before I was confined
and the blue one is his new action.
I profiled them statistically.
Can it be the same person?
No.
They have some differences...
Oh. they really do!
Even if you try to imitate someone's movement
you can't hide your habits or personality.
They appear to be a remarkable tendency...
Ryuzaki.
He's got the energy again!
I bet you know it.
If Kira before and after the restraint was the same person...
then the distribution wouldn't be so different.
It means that it is a different person and
we can see the distinct characteristics that show their tendencies.
How is it. Ryuzaki?
Doesn't it give you some motivation?
Yes. Light. thank you.
By the way. what are the characteristics?
Well. the first characteristic is publicity.
I mean. the new Kira cares slightly more about cases featured by the media.
And the second factor is...
gender.
The new one focuses on more cases related to women.
This Kira may be a woman.
And the third factor is...
which might already be the answer...
What? Oh come on. Light. tell us!
frequency of the cases reported by one broadcasting company.
Which company?
It's Sakura TV.
To sum up...
compared to the First Kira. this new Kira is
more media-oriented. feminine. and in Sakura TV.
The anchor died of accident and the new one is female!
Does she keep a diary in such an old notebook?
That's not what snobbish people do.
She must have a lot of money.
I don't think it's a diary. She's copying down from the PC screen.
Can you zoom in the surface of the notebook?
Okay. wait a second...
What are these?
Names of the criminals who've just been killed by Kira.
Mrs. Sagami. capture them and confirm that they are.
Yes!
Killing one after another everyday...
Are there anybody left to kill?
It tells you how sinful human beings are...
Look who's talking!
I know...
Punishing the sinful people makes me even more sinful...
But even if those sins burden me for my entire life
I have to fulfill my duty.
Is she talking to herself?
No...
She's definitely talking to someone else.
It's confirmed!
Names on the left page belong to the criminals
who died of heart attack yesterday.
Accurate details of when and how they died including the unannounced cases.
We got it!
Boss! Let me arrest her!
She can make an excuse that she was just researching their deaths.
You're right...
One more thing...
What she's writing down on the right page now
are also names of the criminals.
but they are still alive.
They must be the next targets.
If they really die tomorrow. we can conclude that she's Kira
or she has some kind of relation to Kira.
We can't just wait until those people die!
Damn it. what should we do!
We can use Kira's cruelty.
Hello. Mrs. Takada!
You keep getting scoops about Kira as a supporter.
I found out the reasons...
What do you mean?
I peeked in your room.
It's illegal!
Every secret is hidden in your black notebook. right?
I want you to buy the tapes
for 5 million yen.
All the names she wrote down yesterday...
match the criminals who died today.
Takada Kiyomi is Kira!
She definitely is!
I'm the one who called you...
"Miatsuo Yosuke"
If I die. the tapes will automatically go public.
Are you doing this with someone else?
No. I'm alone.
There's my account number on the back of the card.
Transfer 5 million yen to my account.
Once payment is confirmed
I'll give you the tapes.
Thank you!
It's me. Kiyomi. Turn on the TV!
Sakura TV.
Why?
No reason. just turn on the TV!
Kira is a woman?
Wow. I couldn't think of it...
"Special Program: Chasing Kira's Identity"
I have the tapes as evidence.
Wait. It's too soon to show them!
We'll show you the videos at the end of the program.
You'll see Kira's identity.
1 hour 25 minutes and 40 seconds left...
until then. we'll ask our guests some more questions.
We were scooped by other guys.
I'm sorry...
I'll call you back.
"that female..."
I did as you said.
You're a good actor!
Now. what do we do next?
"Matsuo Yosuke's suicide"
22:36. refuses to appear on the program.
After cleaning out all the evidences he has
he jumps from the roof of the building.
She's writing down how he's going to die.
Kira can control the action of the people she's going to kill!
It's safe. Remu!
"Now it's safe"...
What is she talking about?
Does she really believe that Matsuda will act according to what she's written?
Are you for or against Kira's actions?
Don't you see?
If I supported Kira. I wouldn't appear on TV like this.
Don't you think it's dangerous?
It's a minute past the time....
Remu. what's going on?
"Remu"...
What is "Remu"?
Who is she talking to?
A Shinigami?
"Matsuo Yosuke"...
It must be a false name!
Remu! You must've known it since you're a Shinigami!
You didn't tell me!
She often says "Shinigami".
Is it a code or something?
The most logical way is to think that
Shinigami exist.
What?
Okay....
Let's make a deal.
Give me the Shinigami's eyes!
The Shinigami's eyes?
The Second Kira said the same thing.
The Second Kira has the ability to kill only by seeing the faces.
That's "the Shinigami's eyes".
Roll down the window.
Show me your ID.
You don't have it?
Don't look at me like that. rules are rules.
Shidohara Genta.
How did you know my name?
Wait!
Do you appear on TV?
Something TV...
You're an anchor. right?
What are you doing?
Wait!
A policeman fell down. but I can't help him!
Got it
Did she use "the eyes"?
It's too dangerous to let her go any further.
We don't know how she did it. but it's better to catch her
Freeze!
Let me go!
We have watched every single action you made!
The TV program was a fake!
It was a trap!
Takada Kiyomi!
How did you do that?
Are you a detective?
As Kira...
How did you kill those people?
You wrote the names in the notebook...
After writing them down... what did you do?
I just write them down.
I asked what you did after that!
Why don't you try it yourself?
You write names down and...
the person whose name is written dies.
The notebook of the Shinigami.
What the...?!
Dad. what's wrong?
When you touch it. you can see the Shinigami?
Ryuzaki. let me touch it!
Light... are you okay?
Yeah!
I won!
Everything's under control!
If I touch the Death Note. my memories will come back.
Is this really true?
Yes. but
you can only remember when you touch the Death Note
if the Note wasn't the one you used before.
But if I keep the ownership. the memory won't be lost right?
How can I get the ownership?
While you have the memories. kill the former owner.
Good.
That explanation is enough.
Remu!
Give this to the Third Kira.
If you're a Shinigami. you can find a suitable one.
And after 13 days. let that person resume Kira's job.
I can choose anyone?
As you won't remember. you can't reach the new owner.
I know about my ability more than anyone else.
I will definitely try hard to find the new Kira...
and catch the person!
I'll touch the Note before L. or at the same time
And one more thing...
I have something I want you to write down in the Note.
What is it?
I've made up
a false rule of the Death Note.
Shinigami exist.
That explains everything.
Now I know how they kill.
If you write down a person's name on the notebook
that person dies!
Is this correct. Takada Kiyomi?
The Shinigami...
The killer notebook...
Who will believe this?
We can't try her with the current laws!
That's right!
I didn't kill anybody!
I just wrote down the names.
No.
If we can prove that the notebook kills people...
You'll be guilty.
Death Penalty.
Humans. listen!
I'm a Shinigami. Remu.
Only the humans who touched the Death Note can see me.
I can see your lifespan.
And I can take your lives away.
So you'd better not make me angry!
The Death Note has the power of the Shinigami.
That woman is correct!
The human whose name is written on the Death Note shall die!
"Takada Kiyomi"
With the so-called Death Note you can control the dying situations. can't you?
Why don't you try it yourself
by writing her name on the Note?
Remu. what do you...
Takada!
She's dead...
Light. hand me the notebook!
Overall.
Why did Takada Kiyomi die?
Accidental heart attack or...
suicide?
Killed by the other Kira?
What do you think. Shinigami?
Don't ask me.
The name on the notebook and the dead criminals are the same. but
there's no name before Light's confinement.
What do you think?
The owner of the Note might die when the ownership moves to another person.
The First and the Second Kira might have already...
I see. Now Takada has died
and the ownership of this notebook was transferred to someone else.
What do you think. Shinigami?
Don't ask me.
Who owns the Note now?
I cannot answer.
Is that the only thing you can say?
By the way...
about the last rule of this Death Note.
"If the owner does not write any name for 13 days"
"the owner shall die."
Considering this rule. the former Kiras have died.
Then Light. who was under surveillance for 18 days?
and Amane. which was 23 days. are completely innocent.
Shinigami!
Are all the rules on this notebook true?
Yes. they are!
I got it. Light and Misa are free now.
Light. call your mother and go home.
Dad!
I'd like to stay here and continue working...
I think I have to.
Light..
Ryuzaki!
You need me. don't you?
I got it.
Light. stay here and help us.
This looks like a common notebook.
I can't believe this thing can kill people.
What?
Why don't you come with me?
You can come whenever you want.
Ryuzaki will allow us
to just talk at the entrance.
Right. I'll come see you everyday!
Be prepared!
Misa...
Listen quietly...
Will you do me a favor?
What is it?
It's here!
Light is Kira...
He's my God!
So happy!
My Light is Kira...!
I'm back at last!
Ryuk!
Why are you here?
That Death Note is mine...
So this time I'll follow you.
Don't worry. your memory won't be gone
if you become the owner of this Note.
Okay. I'll be the owner.
Oh. I almost forgot!
Here!
A gift from Light!
App... Apple!
Oh Light!
He's more generous than he looks!
"Dear Misa."
"When you read this letter. you must've remembered everything."
"To create an ideal world together."
"you must resume punishing instead of me."
"And one more thing."
"Do you remember the guy named Ryuzaki I introduced you at my college?"
"He's our enemy. L!"
That guy is L?
"You must've seen his real name with your Shinigami's eyes."
"Write down the name on the Death Note"
"and eliminate L."
Elminate L...
Damn it!
I can't remember it!
I saw names of hundreds of people everyday.
Once you discard the ownership. you lose the ability of "the eyes".
I'm sorry. Misa.
Ryuk!
Make the eye-deal again.
Are you sure?
You've already lost half of your lifespan.
You'll lose half again!
I know!
I don't want to lose my face!
Face....
but you have the face.
Don't take it literally!
Well. I don't really understand the human mind...
You want the Shinigami's eyes.
I have to obey Light...
Just one week after Takada's death...
A new Kira has appeared!
Criminals are being killed again.
It means there are more notebooks.
Just after
Amane Misa was freed.
Ryuzaki!
Don't give me that again!
Don't you remember the 13 day rule?
Mr. Yagami!
What?
Let's inspect this notebook.
I'll ask FBI and have them provide us with two prisoners from the death row.
We'll make the prisoner A write the name of the prisoner B
to see if B will die.
Then we'll leave A away from the Note for 13 days to see if he will die.
I can't believe you treat human lives like bugs!
It can't be helped.
It's to protect thousands of people's lives.
Isn't there any other way?
Today. again!
A numerous number of criminals are killed.
Ryuzaki!
You may be right to stop Kira from killing people.
I'll take responsibility for the experiment.
I'll supervise.
Dad...
Thank you for understanding!
I'll go to the States.
Are you going alone?
Let me go with you!
No. you can't!
Stay here with Ryuzaki and wait until I contact you.
I'll be fine.
Others will come with me. no need to worry.
Wait. am I worrying?
I am good at shooting
How about here?
Yes. you are worrying.
First. go to the Tokyo Bay heliport by car.
Then fly to the Yokota Camp. The US army will carry you by plane to Washington D.C.
Watari has arranged everything.
I got it!
See you later!
Now. we're all alone.
What are you thinking about?
Right now...
Watari is coming here. Amane!
It was your plan!
Why Misa?
For some reason. the 13 day rule didn't work for Amane
Amane is the Second Kira...
And she has another Death Note.
This is what I'm thinking about.
Then why didn't she write your name when she was freed?
Probably. she forgot my name she saw at the college
while she was restrained.
Forgetting things is a girl's nature.
I am going to
show my face to Amane.
What?
If you do that. she'll...
Yes. she'll definitely write my name..
We can catch her when she's done it.
Let's get her Note!
We never know when and where she'll write it.
There are millions of cameras in this building.
What if she didn't bring the Note?
She'll definitely bring it. This is a huge chance
to kill me.
All right!
Then we'll catch her. and restrain her again
until she tells us about the First Kira.
Is that alright?
We can definitely make her confess
as we have the evidence.
You shut out the crew to do this. didn't you?
If she gets tied like that again
she may die this time.
I know. I feel sorry. but it can't be helped...
What's the matter. Shinigami?
Ryuzaki asked me to come.
Does it mean he doesn't suspect me as Kira anymore?
Of course he doesn't!
But if...
I couldn't save your life...
...If my heart stops...
this sensor will automatically alert Mr. Yagami.
I've asked him to burn the Death Note
to never be used again.
Misa's lifespan has been shortened again.
Lifespan?
What do you mean?
Ryuzaki
If you risk your life I'm prepared too!
Let's catch Amane Misa
...the Second Kira in the act!
Here she comes!
Yagami Light....
You've known that this would happen.
Since I told you that if a Shinigami extends the lifespan of a human
the Shinigami will die.
You drove her into a corner
to make me save her.
It will extend her life
and I will die instead.
That's been your plan from that day.
You'll succeed in killing a Shinigami!
You are the true devil!
But still. Misa loves you.
Yagami Light!
I'll never let you use my Note!
Misa...
Even if a short while...
be happy...
Watari!
Checkmate..!
Did you use...
that Shinigami...?
Remu has a gentle heart.
Yagami Light...
I knew it...
You are Kira.
I wanted to know your name.
Loser!
I am
not a...
Goodbye. L.
You were the best rival
of me. Kira. the God of the new world.
If I had made even a single mistake
I might be dead too.
It was a high risk to release Misa
and let her use the Death Note in my place.
Keep watching me achieving the revolution.
Farewell. L.
I see...
She burnt the Note with her.
Light!
You made it!
Misa. where's the Note?
So. you killed L!
Ryuk! How have you been?
I won. L is dead.
But I still have a job...
"Yagami Soichiro"
"Heart attack"
That's your own father's name. Light!
To create the new world...
But...
He's your father!
Why!
Just shut up!
No matter how much you love something.
there's a time you have make sacrifices.
I cannot be what I used to be.
"Comes back with the Death Note. gives it to Light and dies"
Dad...
Give the Death Note back to me.
Dad!
Since we were young
you didnt't forgive even the most insignificant injustice
and tried to be our model father.
I respect you so much!
So I'm sure you'll understand
what I'm going to do.
What I will achieve.
Dad...
I'm sorry!
It's your time...
Where's the Death Note?
Light!
I saw everything!
I watched you through the cameras
and I heard your voice.
What?
Light!
You're...
under arrest!
Light.
I'm so sad...
we couldn't be friends.
Ryuzaki?!
You...
Why?
A fake notebook!
Misa. you betrayed me!
No. I didn't!
How can I betray you?
No matter how evil you are
I love you!
She didn't betray you.
It was unexpected that the Shinigami would act that way.
This is the real one
Amane Misa digged out.
And this...
is my real name. which you wanted to know.
You can't change what is written in the Death Note
which means you won't die until the day that was written first.
I'll die in 20 days
so you can't kill me now.
When did you switch them?
The criminals I punished died as planned.
Yes. on the first day.
Then I concluded that you are the Second Kira.
The 13 day rule is also false.
From the second day. Watari switched it into the fake one.
We were watching it
and gave you false information
as if the criminals were killed by Kira.
The biggest goal was. Light.
to confirm that you're Kira.
You're a smart boy!
You didn't give me any clue...
So I decided
to give up my own life.
This plan couldn't succeed without Mr. Yagami's cooperation.
He is a very sincere person. At first he refused to do it.
but when I showed him my name written in the Note
I think he understood that I was serious.
Then he finally agreed
to cooperate with my plan.
He said
that you're not Kira.
He would believe so
until the last moment.
The cars didn't go to the heliport
and everyone was watching
what was happening here.
The saddest thing is
Watari's death.
I couldn't predict that the Shinigami would write his name.
That was my last mistake.
Light!
I will understand
what you are going to do.
You said so.
I'm sorry!
I cannot understand at all.
This isn't justice at all!
Before I got the Death Note
the world was dead. with tons of criminals that current laws can't punish!
It was so unreasonable!
You know what happened
After Kira appeared. the crime rate was decreased by 70%.
Isn't that what you want?
...To live in such a peaceful world?
Light!
A sheet of the Death Note...
I knew you had it.
You killed Takada with that.
At last.
I found the last piece.
You're right. I'm Kira.
I'm the God of the new world.
No. you're not!
You are just a murderer.
And this notebook is...
the most horrible lethal weapon ever.
L...
You don't know. since you don't go out of your cozy room.
You don't know that good people are suffering because of evil people in the world!
There are tons of evil human beings
who should disappear for the rest of the people!
It's impossible to save them with the power of the laws.
Yes. it's impossible.
Laws aren't perfect
because humans. who created laws aren't perfect.
It's impossible to be perfect.
However.
the laws are evidence of the human's struggle to be righteous.
You are egotistical!
It must never be allowed to rob someone's life based on ego!
It's wasteful to talk with you!
Ryuk!
Ryuk. where are you?
Hi there!
Oh. another Shinigami.
Can everyone see it. as you all have touched the Note?
Ryuk...
I'll show you something fun!
Kill them all!
Kill them all right now!
Light!
What are you waiting for?
Write their names. hurry!
All right. I'll write it down.
Don't!
Stop!
It's no use...
Ryuk...
Are you done yet?
Yep!
Show me!
See...
"Yagami Light"
Too bad!
You've been too much
dependent on me.
Wait...
I said...
I'd show you something fun!
You've shown me enough!
You've enjoyed it enough too.
What are you talking about?
Nothing has started yet!
Oh. I almost forgot to say...
A human who used the Death Note
cannot go to heaven or hell...
After you die. you'll see
nought!
Light!
Why. Ryuk. why?
I can't die here!
Light!
Why?
I was always trying to do the right thing!
You tought me what justice is. Dad!
Why do I have to die like this!
Kira is justice...
Dad...
Please understand me...
Light?
You idiot!
I will clean out
every Death Note.
You don't want to use it?
Oh. I'm soooo bored!
I reported the events to the superiors.
I couldn't say anything about the Death Note though...
I reported everything to the ICPO.
They couldn't understand...
Kira's death won't be announced.
Light was killed by Kira...
It's the truth.
I told Sachiko and Sayu.
Amane has lost her memory about the Death Note again
because we burned both notebooks.
Ryuzaki!
I couldn't say anything for you.
I'm sorry...
It's me
who has to apologize.
I couldn't even save Light.
Ryuzaki.
I'm happy to have fought along with you.
Im proud of you!
It's my time. let me be alone.
I don't know...
what kind of people my parents are.
But I know. Mr. Yagami...
You are a great father...
also to me.
Ryuzaki...
Goodbye. Mr. Yagami...
and thank you!
One year later
It's the first time we baked a birthday cake for Light
after he graduated kindergarten.
After he entered elementary school. I started buying it every year.
I remember that I blew out the candles.
I asked him. right?
Your brother let you do it
even though it was his birthday.
He was so kind to you!
Mom. look!
It's snowing!
Sayu. bring an umbrella to the station for Dad!
Dad!
Oh. thanks!
Shall we share it?
After Kira disappeared. is the crime rate increasing?
Do you think the world still needs Kira?
No. I don't.
Kira... killed my...
Light fought against Kira. until the very last moment.
I know...
I know. Dad!
Happy birthday!
I feel like I...
forgot something very important.
But...
I can't remember anything!
Light....
Come to decide that the things that I tried were in my life just to get high on.
When I sit alone. come get a little known but I need more than myself this time.
Step from the road to the sea to the sky. and I do believe that we rely on
When I lay it on. come get to play it on
All my life to sacrifice.
Hey oh... listen what I say oh
I got your hey oh. now listen what I say oh
When will I know that I really can't go to the well once more - time to decide on.
Well it's killing me. when will I really see. all that I need to look inside.
Come to belive that I better not leave before I get my chance to ride.
Well it's killing me. what do I really need - all that I need to look inside.
Hey oh... listen what I say oh
Come back and hey oh. look at what I say oh
The more I see the less I know the more I like to let it go - hey oh. woah...
Deep beneath the cover of another perfect wonder where it's so white as snow.
Finally divided by a word so undecided and there's nowhere to go
In between the cover of another perfect wonder and it's so white as snow
Running through the field where all my tracks will be concealed and there's nowhere to go.
Ho!
Went to descend to ammend for a friend of the channels that had broken down.
Now you bring it up. I'm gonna ring it up - just to hear you sing it out.
Step from the road to the sea to the sky. and I do belive what we rely on
When I lay it on. come get to play it on
All my life to sacrifice
Hey oh... listen what I say oh
I got your hey oh... listen what I say oh
The more I see. the less I know
The more I like to let it go - hey oh. woah...
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-